docs(setting): add support bundle expiration (#497)
harvester/docs: docs/advanced/settings.md

Default: `10`

## `support-bundle-expiration`

_Available as of v1.3.0_

> This setting lets you define the support bundle's default expiration duration in minutes. The minimum value is `30` minutes. It deletes unused support bundle if support bundle finished packaging, but no one downloads.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This setting allows you to define the number of minutes Harvester waits before deleting a support bundle that has been packaged but not downloaded. The minimum value is `30`.
```

Reviewer: > expiration duration

This is confusing because "expiration" implies a deadline while "duration" implies a range. I reworded it to reflect the actual system behavior.
